<!-- source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/releases/2025/05/law-enforcement-backs-the-one-big-beautiful-bill/ -->
<!-- date_published: 2025-05-29T15:01:11-04:00 -->
<!-- date_accessed: 2026-06-01T01:07:47.327368+00:00 -->

# Law Enforcement Backs the One, Big, Beautiful Bill

Support continues to grow for President Donald J. Trump’s One, Big, Beautiful Bill — a generational opportunity to secure historic tax cuts, deficit reduction, border security, and more.

READ: The National Fraternal Order of Police endorses the One, Big, Beautiful Bill

**In recent days:**

- **The National Fraternal Order of Police — the nation’s largest organization of law enforcement —** [**announced**](https://fop.net/2025/05/strong-praise-from-fop-for-pro-labor-provisions-in-the-one-big-beautiful-bill-act/) **their support, highlighting the bill’s strong pro-labor provisions:** “The ‘One Big Beautiful Bill Act’ is more than legislation—it is a promise kept to the public safety officers across the country and a bold step toward an economy that respects, rewards, and uplifts the people who keep it safe … We appreciate that President Trump is always fighting for our nation’s law enforcement officers.”

- **Secretary of Transportation Sean Duffy** [**urged**](https://www.foxnews.com/us/duffy-urges-senate-pass-big-beautiful-bills-12-5b-air-traffic-system-fix) **the Senate to quickly pass the bill and fund the long overdue modernization of America’s air traffic control systems:** “We have an antiquated and old air traffic control system, anywhere from 25 to 35, 40 years old in some places. It is in desperate need of a brand-new build. We need Congress to act.”

- **National Federation of Independent Business SVP Jeff Brabant** [**praised**](https://www.inc.com/brian-contreras/trump-tax-cut-bill-small-businesses-mike-johnson-house-senate/91192070) **the legislation’s commitment to economic prosperity:** “This is one of the more pro-small business pieces of legislation, in my opinion, in recent history. Hopefully this thing becomes law.”

**Scores of other organizations have declared their support for the One, Big, Beautiful Bill:**

[Association of Equipment Manufacturers SVP of Government and Industry Relations Kip Eideberg](https://newsroom.aem.org/aem-applauds-house-passage-of-one-big-beautiful-bill-act/): “Equipment manufacturers applaud the House of Representatives for passing the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which will supercharge job creation and investment in domestic manufacturing. The bill’s critical tax proposals – including protecting the corporate tax rate, reinstating immediate R&D expensing, and increasing the pass-through deduction – will strengthen the U.S. equipment manufacturing industry and bolster our global competitiveness. We urge the Senate to keep these pro-manufacturing provisions and act swiftly to pass this historic legislation.”

[National Restaurant Association President and CEO Michelle Korsmo](https://www.restaurant.org/research-and-media/media/press-releases/statement-on-the-passage-of-hr1/): “This legislation is a major victory for restaurant owners, employees, and the communities they serve. It incorporates key tax provisions vital for industry growth, such as the 199A qualified business income deduction, full expensing of capital investments, and the reinstatement of depreciation and amortization in calculating business interest expenses. These measures are crucial for helping businesses have the working capital they need to cover payroll, manage rising supply costs, and stay competitive. The inclusion of the No Tax on Tips and No Tax on Overtime provisions recognizes the value of our dedicated workforce. More than two million tipped servers and bartenders stand to benefit, while the overtime measure rewards the commitment of over 13 million hourly team members across the sector. Tax policy can determine the survival of small businesses, especially restaurants, where pre-tax margins are often just 3–5%. The inclusion of so many supportive policies was made possible by the unified efforts of our National and State Association members, including the restaurant owners, industry advocates, and employees who shared compelling stories with House members about the positive effect these changes will have on businesses and local economies. We’re grateful for the strong policy provisions and look forward to collaborating with the Senate as the process moves forward.”

[International Foodservice Distributors Association SVP of Government and Public Affairs Mala Parker](https://ifdaonline.org/ifda-praises-house-passage-of-the-one-big-beautiful-bill-act-and-encourages-the-senate-to-maintain-key-tax-provisions/): “IFDA applauds House passage of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which includes tax policy essential for the foodservice distribution industry, almost 90 percent of which are family-owned businesses. Increasing and making permanent the 199A pass-through deduction and estate tax exemption will provide certainty and encourage growth for the industry that makes meals away from home possible. We urge the Senate to maintain these provisions as the bill works its way through the legislative process.”

[Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America SVP Nathan Riedel](https://www.propertycasualty360.com/2025/05/23/big-i-praises-passage-of-big-beautiful-tax-bill/): “The House took a very big and positive step to bring economic certainty to thousands of small business owners and the consumers they represent. We urge the Senate to do its work to move this legislation forward.”

[American Farm Bureau Federation President Zippy Duvall](https://www.fb.org/news-release/farm-bureau-applauds-house-passage-of-reconciliation-package): “Farm Bureau applauds the House passage of H.R.1, which modernizes farm bill programs and extends and improves critical tax provisions that benefit America’s small farmers and ranchers. Updated reference prices will provide more certainty for farmers struggling through tough economic times. Making business tax deductions permanent and continuing current estate tax exemptions will ensure thousands of families will be able to pass their farms to the next generation. We urge the Senate to work together and swiftly pass legislation to deliver much-needed relief to America’s farm and ranch families.” [U.S. Chamber of Commerce Executive Vice President Neil Bradley](https://www.uschamber.com/taxes/u-s-chamber-applauds-house-passage-of-one-big-beautiful-bill-act): “The House sent a clear message today—American workers and businesses want and need permanent tax relief. A competitive, pro-growth tax code doesn’t just grow the overall U.S. economy, it raises wages for workers and improves the lives of Americans. The legislation passed out of the House this morning contains critical measures that support main street businesses, enhance America’s global competitiveness, and bolster sustained economic growth. The Chamber commends Speaker Johnson for his leadership and commitment to ensuring the permanence of President Trump’s pro-growth tax reforms, and applauds the lawmakers involved in driving this effort forward. We encourage the Senate to continue to move the legislative process forward to deliver lasting benefits for American workers and businesses.” [Airlines for America](https://www.airlines.org/news-update/statement-from-airlines-for-america-4/): “A4A commends the House for passing the One Big Beautiful Bill Act which includes a critical investment of $12.5 billion for modernizing the Federal Aviation Administration’s air traffic facilities, systems and infrastructure. ATC staffing shortages and antiquated equipment, such as copper wires, floppy disks and paper strips, have been a serious concern for years—we are past time to make meaningful change and ensure that the United States has a world-class aviation system. This funding is a vital down payment on updating the system that guides 27,000 flights, 2.7 million passengers and 61,000 tons of cargo every day. The legislation also makes smart, strategic investments in Customs and Border Protection personnel and training for the aviation workforce of tomorrow while supporting American energy dominance in aviation fuel production. We encourage the Senate to move swiftly to pass this bill and send it to the President.” [National Cattlemen’s Beef Association President Buck Wehrbein](https://www.ncba.org/news-media/news/details/43152/ncba-priorities-approved-in-house-reconciliation-bill): “Cattle farmers and ranchers need Congress to invest in cattle health, strengthen our resources against foreign animal disease, support producers recovering from disasters or depredation, and pass tax relief that protects family farms and ranches for future generations. Thankfully, this reconciliation bill includes all these key priorities. NCBA was proud to help pass this bill in the House and we will continue pushing for these key policies until the bill is signed into law.” [Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi](https://x.com/dkhos/status/1925546174184137000): “Big news from DC—the House just passed President Trump’s tax bill, bringing No Tax On Tips one step closer to the finish line. While it still needs to clear the Senate, this is a big win for hardworking @Uber drivers and couriers across the country 👏” [Job Creators Network CEO Alfredo Ortiz](https://x.com/JobCreatorsUSA/status/1925533044443648236): “Congratulations to President Trump and Speaker Johnson for passing their reconciliation bill in the House. This bill offers historic tax cuts for small businesses and ordinary Americans. By making the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act permanent and expanding key provisions, such as the small business tax deduction, which Job Creators Network was the loudest voice for, this bill offers significant tax relief for decades to come. It will allow small businesses, the backbone of the American economy, to expand, hire, raise wages, and reinvest in their communities, ushering in a new economic Golden Age. On behalf of all small businesses, JCN thanks President Trump and Speaker Johnson for their leadership in passing this bill, which the media said couldn’t be done on this aggressive timeline. Now it’s time for the Senate to follow suit and pass similar legislation, which includes the House’s key small business tax cuts, as soon as possible.” [National Association of Manufacturers President and CEO Jay Timmons](https://nam.org/house-delivers-for-manufacturing-senate-must-seal-the-deal-34064/?stream=series-press-releases): “Today’s House passage of this historic legislation marks a major victory for manufacturers across America. This pro-growth legislation preserves crucial tax policies that will enable manufacturers to create jobs, invest in their communities, grow here at home and compete globally. In short, this is a manufacturers’ bill … This is a pivotal moment. It’s time to double down on policies that encourage manufacturers to invest and create jobs in America and keep our industry strong and our nation competitive on the world stage—because when manufacturing wins, America wins.” [Business Roundtable President and COO Kristen Silverberg](https://www.businessroundtable.org/business-roundtable-applauds-house-passage-of-reconciliation-bill): “Under Speaker Johnson’s leadership, the House has achieved a major milestone toward extending and strengthening President Trump’s historic tax reform. Business Roundtable commends the House on taking a giant step forward to protect and boost the economic benefits that tax reform delivered for American businesses, workers and families. By maintaining a competitive corporate tax rate and enhancing essential domestic and international tax provisions, the House budget reconciliation bill will help fuel U.S. investment, innovation and economic growth. As the Senate prepares to act, we stand ready to continue working with Congress and the Administration to pass the most competitive, pro-growth tax package possible.” [American Petroleum Institute President and CEO Mike Sommers](https://www.api.org/news-policy-and-issues/news/2025/05/21/api-statement-on-passage-of-house-reconciliation-bill): “We applaud the House of Representatives for passing the One Big Beautiful Bill Act to help restore American energy dominance. By preserving competitive tax policies, beginning to reverse the ‘methane fee,’ opening lease sales and advancing important progress on permitting, this historic legislation is a win for our nation’s energy future. We look forward to working with the Senate to strengthen pro-investment provisions and keep America at the forefront of energy innovation.” [National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors CEO Eric Hoplin](https://www.naw.org/naw-applauds-house-passage-of-the-one-big-beautiful-bill/): “We applaud the House of Representatives for passing the One Big Beautiful Bill Act and extend our sincere thanks to Speaker Mike Johnson, Chairman Jason Smith, the Ways and Means Committee, and House leadership for championing this pro-business, pro-worker legislation. This is a win for the people who roll up their sleeves every day to power our economy, entrepreneurs who build businesses from the ground up, and the workers who keep them running. We urge the Senate to act swiftly and send this bill to the President’s desk so America’s job creators and workers can keep driving our economy forward. The bill makes the 199A deduction permanent and expands it to 23%, helping millions of small businesses, including most wholesaler-distributors. It raises the death tax exemption, protecting family-owned businesses, and restores vital incentives that encourage investment, innovation, and long-term economic growth.” [Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council President and CEO Karen Kerrigan](https://sbecouncil.org/2025/05/22/sbe-council-cheers-u-s-house-passage-of-one-big-beautiful-bill-urges-prompt-senate-action/): “H.R. 1 delivers a big, beautiful boost to U.S. entrepreneurship and small businesses. SBE Council applauds U.S. House passage of this critically important legislation. In addition to permanent tax relief and incentives that will help entrepreneurs and small business owners grow their firms, level up their businesses, and support their employees, various measures in the legislation correctly right-fit various federal programs and functions that have gone awry and consequently have undermined fiscal accountability and the private sector. Time is of the essence in getting the One Big Beautiful Bill to President Trump’s desk, and we urge the U.S. Senate to move post haste on the work that must be done to deliver the big benefits of the package to small business owners, all taxpayers, and the U.S. economy.” [National Business Aviation Association President and CEO Ed Bolen](https://nbaa.org/2025-press-releases/nbaa-lauds-inclusion-of-industry-priorities-in-house-passed-budget-bill/): “We commend the House for recognizing the importance of improving ATC infrastructure and strengthening the controller workforce to enhance safety and efficiency in the National Airspace System. Business aviation’s ability to serve citizens, companies and communities is only possible because the U.S. leads the world in aviation … As the House reconciliation bill moves to the Senate for consideration, we look forward to working with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle to advance these forward-looking provisions that bolster an essential industry, support countless workers and promote American competitiveness.” [America’s Credit Unions President and CEO Jim Nussle](https://www.americascreditunions.org/news-media/news/reconciliation-bill-passes-house-tax-status-remains-secure): “Thank you to the U.S. House of Representatives for securing credit unions’ not-for-profit tax status as part of H.R. 1 and recognizing the industry’s importance to strong Main Streets across the country. More than 142 million Americans trust and rely on credit unions to achieve their American Dream, and this bill allows them to continue on their path of financial freedom. We will continue to advocate for policies that create more opportunities for credit unions to bolster our nation’s economic prosperity. We call on the U.S. Senate to continue to protect the credit union tax status as they consider this legislation.” [National Taxpayers Union Executive Vice President Brandon Arnold](https://www.ntu.org/publications/detail/taxpayers-hail-house-passage-of-one-big-beautiful-bill-act): “The bill passed by the House contains growth-focused tax relief and some important first steps toward long-needed spending restraint. The Senate now has a strong package that it can build upon and further improve.” [National Association of REALTORS Executive Vice President Shannon McGahn](https://www.nar.realtor/magazine/real-estate-news/house-passes-tax-reform-package-with-key-wins-for-real-estate): “We appreciate House leaders for taking this important step with this tax reform bill, which supports hardworking families and strengthens the real estate economy. With lower tax rates, SALT relief, and new incentives for small businesses and community development, this proposal brings real benefits to everyday Americans.” [National Electrical Contractors Association CEO David Long](https://x.com/GOPMajorityWhip/status/1924850977774920034): “These provisions recognize the real-world needs of the electrical construction industry. Whether it’s power generation, grid modernization, cutting-edge data center projects, or clean energy installations, electrical contractors are at the forefront of America’s infrastructure evolution. This legislation gives our contractors the certainty they need to plan, invest, and grow.” [American Hotel & Lodging Association President and CEO Rosanna Maietta](https://www.ahla.com/news/ahla-statement-us-house-passed-reconciliation-package): “This is a win for Main Street businesses. We commend lawmakers for including critical tax provisions in the budget reconciliation bill that will prevent a tax increase on American workers and the small businesses that are the backbone of America’s hotel and lodging industry. This is a critical step to stave off the expiration of important tax provisions that will provide our members, the majority of whom are small business owners, the level of certainty they need to effectively operate their businesses. We urge the U.S. Senate to swiftly pass this legislation and send it to President Trump’s desk.” [National Pork Producers Council President Duane Stateler](https://www.swineweb.com/latest-swine-news/pork-producers-wins-included-in-house-passed-reconciliation-bill/): “America’s pork producers are one step closer to more certainty with the House’s reconciliation bill passage, which includes necessary legislation to keep farms afloat during uncertain times.” [Associated Equipment Distributors President and CEO Brian P. McGuire](https://www.constructionequipmentguide.com/aed-commends-house-passage-of-budget-reconciliation-package-urges-swift-senate-action/68101): “AED commends House Speaker Mike Johnson and his leadership team for securing House passage of the budget reconciliation bill. This legislation delivers pro-growth tax policies, streamlines energy project approvals and strengthens surface transportation infrastructure investments. We look forward to working with the Senate to ensure final passage of this comprehensive package.” [American Federation for Children CEO Tommy Schultz](https://www.federationforchildren.org/afc-celebrates-continued-momentum-for-school-choice/): “We are grateful for the efforts of Speaker Johnson and Congressional leaders in both chambers who have stood up so far to ensure that President Trump’s goal of school choice for every family in every state becomes a reality. American parents deserve nothing less, and we will continue working to get school choice across the finish line as the Senate can deliver on a historic national school choice tax credit. Bringing school choice to every state will be a legacy item for the lawmakers who stand boldly behind parents. We will continue to stand with them to achieve this goal.” [National Federation of Independent Business SVP for Advocacy Adam Temple](https://www.nfib.com/news/press-release/nfib-key-votes-the-one-big-beautiful-bill-act/): “The One Big Beautiful Bill Act includes the most important thing Congress can do to help small businesses and their workers – increasing and making the Small Business Deduction permanent. The bill also provides a tax cut for small business owners through lower individual rates, encourages new capital investments, and helps small business owners provide greater health care benefits to their employees. Members of Congress have a historic opportunity to provide over 33 million small business owners with permanent tax relief and NFIB strongly encourages them to do so.” [Growth Energy CEO Emily Skor](https://growthenergy.org/2025/05/22/budget-reconciliation-bill/): “We’re grateful to our champions on Capitol Hill who have worked hard to preserve and extend rural priorities, like the 45Z clean fuel production tax credit. This budget reconciliation package would give farmers and ethanol producers the freedom and flexibility to deliver for the American people. It ultimately delivers on the President’s agenda—it’s good for rural communities, good for innovation, good for investment, and good for American energy dominance.” [Americans for Prosperity Chief Government Affairs Officer Brent Gardner](https://americansforprosperity.org/featured/afp-celebrates-house-passage-of-republican-tax-bill/): “On behalf of our network of grassroots activists and small business owners nationwide, AFP congratulates Speaker Johnson, Majority Leader Scalise, Whip Emmer, and all the committee chairs for shepherding this legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives. Thanks to the efforts of policy champions across the House GOP conference, we are one step closer to giving Americans the pro-growth tax policy they voted for in November. Beyond cementing the foundation for a post-Biden economic recovery, we are poised to embrace an all-of-the-above approach to U.S. energy production, and finally secure our southern border.” [National Foreign Trade Council Vice President for International Tax Policy Anne Gordon](https://www.nftc.org/nftc-statement-following-passage-of-reconciliation-bill/): “We would like to once again thank Chairman Smith and the Ways & Means Committee and staff for their tireless work on this bill and Speaker Johnson and the leadership team for their efforts to bring critical U.S. tax legislation one step closer to becoming a reality. We congratulate the House on passing the One, Big, Beautiful Bill and urge the Senate to take up work on it as quickly as possible.” [American Land Title Association CEO Diane Tomb](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alta-applauds-house-passage-of-tax-package-302463544.html): “We commend the House for passing legislation that recognizes the needs of American small businesses, including the thousands of title and settlement companies ALTA represents. The expanded deduction under Section 199A is a welcome step that supports the long-term health of our small business members and the communities they serve. ALTA is especially pleased to see the preservation of Section 1031 like-kind exchanges, which play a vital role in fueling real estate investment, promoting property improvements and driving local economic growth. Provisions supporting homeownership, including those related to mortgage interest and capital gains exclusions, help provide certainty for buyers, sellers and lenders alike—strengthening the entire housing ecosystem. We urge the Senate to build on this momentum and protect the real estate and housing incentives that help Americans build wealth, promote generational stability and drive our economy forward.” [NRA Institute for Legislative Action Executive Director John Commerford](https://www.nraila.org/articles/20250522/nra-statement-on-house-passage-of-reconciliation-bill): “This morning, the U.S. House of Representatives passed President Trump’s One, Big, Beautiful Bill, which includes the complete removal of suppressors from the National Firearms Act (NFA). This represents a monumental victory for Second Amendment rights, eliminating burdensome regulations on the purchase of critical hearing protection devices. The NRA thanks the House members who supported this bill and urges its swift passage in the U.S. Senate.” [RATE Coalition Executive Director Dan Combs](https://ratecoalition.com/rate-coalition-applauds-house-passage-of-pro-growth-tax-legislation/): “Today’s vote is an historic step toward securing a tax code that rewards investment, supports job growth, and puts American workers first. This legislation builds on the success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, preserving the policies that have helped drive wages up, unemployment down, and investment back into the U.S. economy. The House has done its part to move this forward. Now it’s time to keep that momentum going and get this across the finish line.” [Independent Women’s Center for Economic Opportunity Director Patrice Onwuka](https://x.com/PatricePinkFile/status/1925534917212914158): “BOOM. Tax cuts, welfare reforms, green spending cuts, and border strengthening. Major credit is due to @SpeakerJohnson for getting @potus @realDonaldTrump #OneBigBeautifulBill through the House. He has proven to be a quiet force for conservatives. Now onto the Senate.” [Missouri Farm Bureau President Garrett Hawkins](https://mofb.org/one-big-beautiful/): “Our organization remains firmly committed to bringing the next generation home to rural Missouri. The legislation as passed contains top-tier Missouri Farm Bureau priorities to do just that, including making permanent several critical tax provisions such as an increased estate tax exemption, increasing access to Section 179 expensing, and ensuring continued use of key tools such as cash accounting, business interest deductions, and expensing for farms and small businesses. Additionally, the bill contains critical updates to the current farm safety net, including a reference price increase under farm bill programs and updates to dairy margin coverage. We are pleased to see several provisions related to promoting affordable, reliable and domestically produced energy and biofuels contained in the legislation. All of these things together, we believe, will help build a stronger and more resilient rural economy for our children and grandchildren to call home.” [Georgia Commissioner of Agriculture Tyler J. Harper](https://www.agr.georgia.gov/pr/commissioner-tyler-harper-applauds-house-passage-president-trumps-one-big-beautiful-bill-urges): “President Trump’s Big Beautiful Bill is a much-needed win for Georgia Farmers and American Agriculture after four years of failure under President Biden. I am grateful to every Georgia member who voted in favor, and I urge Senators Ossoff and Warnock to put partisan politics aside and support this critical legislation.”
