<!-- source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/2025/04/presidential-message-on-arbor-day-2025/ -->
<!-- date_published: 2025-04-25T12:43:12-04:00 -->
<!-- date_accessed: 2026-06-01T01:10:12.246501+00:00 -->

# Presidential Message on Arbor Day, 2025

Arbor Day is set aside to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. It was first observed in Nebraska on April 10, 1872, as a way to populate the barren plains and provide shelter and shade for the pioneers. Today, Arbor Day reflects our commitment to preserving the beauty of God’s creation while ensuring our forests, parks, and public lands remain accessible and well-managed. From towering redwoods and awe-inspiring sequoias to ornamental dogwoods, stately oaks, cedars, and pines, America’s trees enhance every community, improving air quality, offering recreational spaces, and supporting industries vital to our economy. True stewardship of our natural resources requires responsible forest management in our natural resources. In recent years, irresponsible policies have left our forests overgrown and vulnerable to devastating wildfires—like those seen in California—that have destroyed millions of acres, displaced families, and taken countless lives. That is why I took action to promote active forest management, clearing hazardous fuels, thinning dense forests, and ensuring well-maintained landscapes. My Administration is also cutting red tape and elevating forestry projects so we use America’s abundant timber resources instead of relying on costly imports. Timber production supports 750,000 jobs and provides essential materials for construction, energy, and manufacturing. By freeing our forests and investing in responsible land management, we are protecting lives, strengthening our economy, and ensuring that our forests remain healthy and productive for future generations to come.
