<!-- source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/2025/04/first-lady-melania-trump-celebrates-committee-passage-of-take-it-down-act-in-house-energy-commerce/ -->
<!-- date_published: 2025-04-09T15:00:00-04:00 -->
<!-- date_accessed: 2026-06-01T01:11:52.580501+00:00 -->

# First Lady Melania Trump Celebrates Committee Passage of Take It Down Act in House Energy & Commerce

WASHINGTON, D.C. – First Lady Melania Trump celebrated committee passage of [H.R. 633](https://whitehouse.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?u=dace49741569f7585670378b3&id=87ccdb72a0&e=8b071a776a), the *Take It Down Act*, in the House of Representatives Committee on Energy and Commerce on Tuesday, April 8, 2025. The bill advanced with broad bipartisan support.

In an official statement shared with the House Energy and Commerce Committee and on social media, **the** **First Lady** [**said**](https://whitehouse.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?u=dace49741569f7585670378b3&id=9def71f132&e=8b071a776a), “I remain dedicated to championing child well-being, ensuring that every young person can thrive and ‘Be Best.’ Thank you to the House Energy & Commerce Committee for advancing the *Take It Down Act*. This marks a significant step in our bipartisan efforts to safeguard our children from online threats. I urge Congress to swiftly pass this important legislation. Together, we can create a safer, brighter future for all Americans!”

The *Take It Down Act* would protect children who are targeted by the publication of non-consensual intimate imagery (NCII) online, require internet platforms—including social media platforms—to remove such imagery within 48 hours of notice from a victim, and provide justice for survivors by criminalizing the publication of, or threat to publish, NCII. **Read the House Energy and Commerce Committee press release** [**here**](https://whitehouse.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?u=dace49741569f7585670378b3&id=1a3526654e&e=8b071a776a) **or below.**

April 8, 2025

**Chairman Guthrie, First Lady Melania Trump, Chairman Bilirakis Join Advocates in Celebrating Committee Passage of TAKE IT DOWN Act**

WASHINGTON, D.C. – Today, Congressman Brett Guthrie (KY-02), Chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, along with advocates for the TAKE IT DOWN Act, issued the following statements of support after the bill was reported out of Committee by a vote of 49 to 1.

“No man, woman, or child should be subjected to the spread of explicit AI images meant to target and harass innocent victims. I am so thankful for our outstanding advocates and legislators who have worked hard to raise awareness and build a strong coalition to support this bipartisan bill,” **said Chairman Guthrie**. “Today, the Committee on Energy and Commerce advanced the bill to the full House of Representatives, where I look forward to, once again, voting in favor of the TAKE IT DOWN Act, so that we can send it to the President’s desk for signature.”

“I remain dedicated to championing child well-being, ensuring that every young person can thrive and ‘Be Best.’ Thank you to the House Energy & Commerce Committee for advancing the TAKE IT DOWN Act. This marks a significant step in our bipartisan efforts to safeguard our children from online threats,” **said First Lady Melania Trump**. “I urge Congress to swiftly pass this important legislation. Together, we can create a safer, brighter future for all Americans!”

“I am glad we are one step closer to protecting victims of online sexual exploitation. Giving victims rights to flag non-consensual images and requiring social media companies to remove that content quickly is a pivotal and necessary change to the online landscape,” **said Congressman Gus Bilirakis (FL-12), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade.** “And by ensuring that AI-generated deep-fake content is included in these protections, Congress is showing its commitment to fighting 21st Century harms that are plaguing our children and grandchildren.”

“In February, our family mourned the loss of our loving son and brother, Elijah Heacock, after he fell victim to an extortion scheme on the internet,” **said Shannon Cronister-Heacock, mother of Elijah Heacock.** “We are grateful for the support of Chairman Guthrie and the House Committee on Energy and Commerce for passing the TAKE IT DOWN Act today to ensure that no parent, sibling, or loved one experiences a similar tragedy in the future. This bill honors Elijah’s life, and we are appreciative of Congress’ actions to protect children online and save lives.”

“I was only fourteen years old when one of my classmates created deepfake, AI nudes of me and distributed them on social media. I was shocked, violated, and felt unsafe going to school. Thankfully, I was able to work with Senator Ted Cruz’s office to write the TAKE IT DOWN Act — and today is an important milestone towards that bill becoming law, so that no other girl has to go through what I went through without legal protections in place,” **said Elliston Berry, survivor and advocate.** “Thank you to Chairman Guthrie for prioritizing the TAKE IT DOWN Act for committee passage.”

“At 14, for almost two years, I stood alone, advocating for AI deep fake laws to protect us after my school’s inaction and lack of accountability insulted my self-respect. This journey is dedicated to every woman and teenager who was told to stay silent and move on. It is also a testament to the courageous bipartisan leaders who stood beside me, proving that change is possible. Today, we celebrate a critical step towards the passage of the TAKE IT DOWN Act into federal law,” **said Francesca Mani, AI victim turned advocate & TIME100 AI Most Influential Person.** “A heartfelt thank you to Chairman Guthrie for standing with us and making swift committee passage possible. We are no longer alone.”

“Today, we celebrate an important victory with House committee passage of the TAKE IT DOWN Act, a federal safeguard against non-consensual AI-generated intimate images,” **said Dorota Mani, an educator, advocate, and mother.** “This important legislation, which is now well on its way to the President’s desk, staunchly defends our women and children while preserving every American’s dignity and rights.” “Survivors—both minors and adults—deserve protection and justice. Every survivor should be able to report their abuse to law enforcement, have their abuse content removed fully and abusers should be found and held appropriately accountable. Image-based sexual abuse is sexual assault facilitated online. You cannot accidentally sexual assault someone offline and the same should be true for the online. The harms of all forms of image-based sexual abuse—including deepfake abuse—quickly follow that victim home, to school, to work and anywhere they try to exist after such a profound and public trauma,” **said Andrea Powell, Co-Founder and Chief of Impact, Alecto AI**. “Alecto AI supports the TAKE IT DOWN Act because we believe that in its passage, we will be getting closer to a world where young women and girls don’t have worry that being online means being targets of sexual violence. All survivors deserve protection and justice.”
